dotloop signature verification: iii: 2: §) ba bea
subsoil conditions, sinkholes and mining or other soil conditions including radon or other potentially hazardous gases
or toxic materials; presence of, or damage from, wood destroying insects and/or fungus (Wood Infestation Report);
Property access, easements, covenants, restrictions, developments, or structures; and any matters affecting the
character of the neighborhood. Unless otherwise excepted, Seller will provide access and utilities for Buyer's
inspections, if any, until closing. NOTE: LENDERS AND/OR PUBLIC AUTHORITIES MAY REQUIRE
CERTAIN INVESTIGATIONS SUCH AS TERMITE AND SEPTIC TANK INSPECTIONS (FOR WHICH
REPAIRS MAY BE REQUIRED). THIS DOES NOT REPLACE BUYER'S DUTY TO THOROUGHLY
INSPECT THE PROPERTY PRIOR TO CLOSING. Buyer shall have the obligation to determine the condition
of the property in accordance with “A” or “B” below. Check either “A” or “B” but not both.
[1] (A) SALE OF PROPERTY NOT CONTINGENT UPON INSPECTIONS, NO REPAIRS REQUESTED:
Buyer agrees to accept the Property in “AS IS” condition without any warranties or guarantees as to any aspect or
condition of the Property, its systems or appliances. Seller gives no warranties on any systems or appliances being
in good working order either now or at the time of closing. Buyers agrees not to make any request for repairs of the
Seller, and repair requests discussed in Paragraphs 11(B), 13(A), 13(B) or elsewhere in this agreement shall not apply.
Buyers accepts total responsibility for all repairs, conditions and/or defects in the Property, including any repairs
required in Paragraph 2(B). This provision does not apply to warranties of title to the Property evidenced by the
Warranty Deed delivered to Buyer pursuant to Paragraph 8 of this Contract.
Seller Initials [| {| Buyer ri |
M(B) SALE OF PROPERTY CONTINGENT UPON INSPECTIONS: Buyer reserves the right to conduct any
inspections of the Property at Buyer’s expense, for a period of 6 calendar days from the Finalized Date of this
Contract (the “Inspection Period”). Buyer and Seller acknowledge that wood infestation inspection, sewer/septic
system inspection, and survey do not fall under the Inspection Period, and may be performed in accordance with
paragraph 13. Seller agrees to ensure that all utilities at the property shall be connected and active during the
Inspection Period. The Inspection Period shall not start until all utilities are connected and active at Seller's expense.
No later than three (3) calendar days after the end of the Inspection Period, Buyer shall provide Seller with a written
list of items requested by Buyer to be repaired at Seller’s expense or the Buyer shall provide notice that the condition
of the property is acceptable and no repairs are required. In the event that Buyer provides notice that repairs are
requested, any such request for repairs shall be governed by Paragraph 12 of this Agreement. Failure of Buyer to
provide a list of requested repairs to Seller in writing no later than three (3) calendar days after the end of the
Inspection Period shall constitute a waiver of this inspection contingency and conclusively be deemed acceptance of
the Property, including ordinary wear and tear until closing.
12. REQUEST FOR REPAIRS:
(A) If Buyers makes a written request of Seller to correct unsatisfactory conditions revealed from any inspections set
out in Paragraphs 11(B), 13(A) and 13(B), Seller shall respond to Buyer by written notice delivered to Buyer within
calendar days (3 calendar days if left blank) of receipt of such request as to whether Seller is willing to correct
the unsatisfactory conditions at Seller’s expense. It shall conclusively be deemed acceptance of Buyer’s request if
Seller fails to respond in writing within the time frame stated herein.
(B) If Seller elects not to correct the unsatisfactory conditions, Buyer shall respond to Seller by written notice
delivered to Seller within calendar days (2 calendar days if left blank) of receipt of Seller’s election, and may
elect to either (a) terminate this contract and recover the earnest money, or (b) waive in writing the request for
correction of unsatisfactory conditions and proceed to close the sale.
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 5 of 11
Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6