dotloop signature verification: dtlp.us/1RIH-70BE wye 
(C) The Closing Date may only be extended by mutual written agreement of the parties or as set forth in Paragraph
3 above. 
(D) Certain terms and time periods are pre-printed in this Contract as a convenience to the Buyer and Seller. All pre­
printed terms and time periods are negotiable and may be changed by striking out the preprinted text and inserting
d;ffi:cent terms r 
to all paches, except whece ,estricted by law. 
Seller Initials J  "
en J	 __ l 
Buyer Initials J  l J 
l 
d(,oloopwnfd 
5. EARNEST MONEY & DEFAULT OF CONTRACT: Within 3 days of the Finalized Date of this Contract the
Buyer shall deliver to South Oak Title 
the Earnest Money which shall be promptly deposited into an escrow
account. Should Buyer fail to deliver the Earnest Money within 3 days of the Finalized Date, Seller may void this
Contract at the sole option of the Seller. If the Contract is accepted and signed by all parties and the sale does not
close, a separate mutual release signed by all paities to this Contract will be required before the Earnest Money will
be disbursed. In the event either Buyer or Seller claims the escrowed funds without the agreement of the other party,
any holder of the escrowed funds, as presc1ibed by Alabama Real Estate License Law Rule: 790-X-3-.03 (4), (5),
must either (I) retain the escrowed funds until there is a written mutual release among the parties; (2) interplead the
disputed portion of the funds into the appropriate cou1t, and shall be entitled to deduct from the escrowed funds any
and all court costs, attorney fees and other expenses relating to the interpleader; or (3) disburse the escrowed funds
in accordance with the directions of a non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Seller, at Seller's
option, may cancel this Contract if the Earnest Money check is rejected by the financial institution upon which it is
drawn. In the event of default by Buyer, all deposits made hereunder may be forfeited as liquidated damages at the
option of Seller, provided Seller agrees to the cancellation of this Contract, or alternatively, Seller may elect to pursue
his or her available legal or equitable remedies against Buyer. In the event of default by Seller, all deposits made
hereunder may be returned at the option of Buyer, provided Buyer agrees to the cancellation of this Contract, or 
alternatively, Buyer may elect to pw-sue his or her available legal or equitable remedies against Seller. 
Seller Initials rn J,_ __ _,l 
Buyer ltutials J .:.: l J.___--J
dod<><$...,,,1-,1 
6. TITLE INSURANCE: Seller agrees to furnish Buyer a standard ALTA (American Land Title Association) form
owner's title insurance policy at Seller's expense, issued by a company qualified to insure titles in Alabama, in the
amount of the purchase price, insu1ing Buyer against loss on account of any defect or encumbrance in the title, subject
to exceptions herein, including Paragraphs 8 and 13(C) below; otherwise, the Earnest Money shall be refunded. In
the event both owner's and first mortgagee's title policies are obtained at the time of closing, the total cost of the two
policies will be divided equally between Buyer and Seller, even if the first mortgagee is Seller. Seller shall have until
the closing date within which to pe1fect title or cure defects in the title to the Property. Should Seller be unable to
perfect title or cure defects in the title to the Property by the date of closing, the Contract shall be voidable at the
option of the Buyer. 
Seller Initials Ÿ J  __ ...... l
Buyer Initials J 
 l J 
.:.:.:.;;K'.//!, 
L--
7. 
PRORATIONS: Ad valorem taxes, insurance transferred, accrued interest on m01tgage(s) assumed, and 
homeowners association, condonunium association, fire district or other dues, fees or assessments are to be prorated
between Buyer and Seller as of the date of closing, and any existing escrow deposits shall be credited to Seller.
Unless otherwise agreed herein, all ad valorem taxes except municipal taxes are presumed to be paid in atTeai·s for
purposes of proration; municipal taxes, if any, are presumed to be paid in advance. Seller represents and warrants that
the Property D is 0 is not currently subject to Class III (homestead) residential property tax. If Seller represents that 
property is classified as Class III Prope1ty and this representation is in error, then Seller will reimburse to Buyer any 
The Binningham Association of REAL TORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving 
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be 
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before 
using any form. lf a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, tbe form will no longer be an approved form. 
Copyright© Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. - General Residential Sales Contract 
Page 3 of 11 
Package ID: 6CBB06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6