dotloop signature verification: dtlp.us/sRIH-70BE-fwye
additional property tax for the current tax year which is in excess of that which would be due had the property been
class titled as Class III. This obligation will survive the Closing and delivery of deed.
tm 5 SIGNED gay
Seller ri a [| Buyer Initials amp! |
8. CONVEYANCE: Seller agrees to convey the Property to Buyer by General warranty deed (check
Cif Buyer desires that title be held as joint tenants with rights of survivorship), free of all encumbrances except as
permitted in this Contract. Seller and Buyer agree that any encumbrances not herein excepted or assumed may be
cleared at the time of closing from sales proceeds. The Property is sold and is to be conveyed subject to any mineral
and/or mining rights not owned by Seller. Buyer is responsible for determining that the current zoning is suitable for
Buyer’s intended use of the property.
PE BU-SIGNEO ¥
Seller iia Si [| Buyer ii i! |
9. HAZARD INSURANCE: Buyer understands that Buyer is responsible for securing acceptable hazard insurance
on the Property at a premium rate acceptable to Buyer. Buyer shall obtain evidence of insurability at an acceptable
premium rate within days (7 days if left blank) of the Finalized Date. Should Buyer be unable to obtain
evidence of insurability at an acceptable premium rate, Buyer may elect to cancel this Contract by providing written
notice of such election within said time period to Seller. If the Contract is cancelled, the Earnest Money shall be
returned pursuant to the terms of Paragraph 5 above. Failure to notify Seller of Buyer's election to cancel within said
time period shall conclusively be deemed acceptance of any available insurance.
10. BUYER’S DUTY TO INSPECT: Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Alabama law imposes a duty on Buyer to
thoroughly inspect the Property for conditions of property, defects or other relevant matters prior to closing the sale.
Buyer further acknowledges that professional inspection services and/or contractors may be engaged for this purpose
and that the real estate broker(s) and agent(s) strongly recommend the use of such professionals, but endorse
none of them. Buyer is encouraged to engage and pay for independent professional inspection services and/or
contractors, rather than using previous inspection reports provided by Seller, or allowing Seller to pay for such
inspection reports, or using an inspector recommended by Seller. The real estate broker(s) and agent(s) do not warrant,
guarantee or endorse any particular professional inspection service and/or contractor. Buyer understands and agrees that
Buyer will not rely and has not relied on any statements or omissions made by the real estate broker(s) and agent(s)
regarding the condition of the Property. Buyer further understands that if the real estate broker(s), agent(s) or
representative is present at or accompanies Buyer on an inspection of the Property, it will be as a courtesy and not as a
person qualified to detect any defects. After closing, all conditions of the Property are the responsibility of Buyer.
11. CONDITION OF PROPERTY: Neither Seller nor Real Estate Broker(s) nor any Real Estate Agent(s)
makes any representations or warranties regarding condition of the Property except to the extent expressly
set forth herein. Buyer has the obligation to determine any and all conditions of the Property material to Buyer's
decision to buy the Property, including but not limited to, general home inspection, sewer lines inspection, structural
inspection, radon testing, EIFS inspection, HVAC inspection, drywall, and/or lead based paint inspection; the
condition of the heating, cooling, plumbing and electrical systems and any built-in appliances; the roof and the
basement, including leaks therein; the presence of asbestos or toxic mold; the presence of arsenic in treated wood;
the school districts for the subject property; the presence of hazardous dry wall; the size and area of the property;
quality of construction materials and workmanship; the proper construction of any improvements located upon the
Property; structural condition; utility and sewer or septic system availability, condition and location; subsurface and
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 4 of 11
Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6