dotloop signature verification: dtlp.us/NGeO-6LKO-Zthv
PROPERTY ADDRESS: 123 TEST DRIVE, BESSEMER, AL 35023 ADDENDUM:
LEAD BASED PAINT ADDENDUM TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT
LEAD WARNING STATEMENT
Every purchaser of any interest in residential property on which a residential dwelling was built prior to 1978 ts
notified that such property may present exposure to lead from lead-based paint that may place young children at
risk of developing lead poisoning. Lead poisoning in young children may produce permanent neurological
damage, including learning disabilities, reduced intelligence quotient, behavioral problems, and impaired memory.
Lead poisoning also poses a particular risk to pregnant women. The seller of any interest in residential property ts
required to provide the buyer with any information on lead-based paint hazards from risk assessments or
inspections in the seller’s possession, and notify the buyer of any known lead-based paint hazards. A risk
assessment or inspection for possible lead-based paint hazards is recommended prior to purchase.
SELLER’S DISCLOSURE
(a) Presence of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards (check one below):
O Known lead-based paint or lead-based paint hazards are present in the housing (explain):
™ Seller has no knowledge of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards in the housing.
(b) Records and reports available to the seller (check one below):
©} Seller has provided the purchaser with all available records and reports pertaining to lead-based paint
and/or lead-based paint hazards m the housing (dist documents below):
Seller has no reports or records pertaining to lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards in the housing.
PURCHASER’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT (initial)
(c) Purchaser has received copies of all information listed above.
(d) mm Purchaser has received the pamphlet “Protect Your Family from Lead in Your Home”.
(e) a has (check one below):
jlotloop verifie
© Received a ten (10) day opportunity (or mutually agreed upon period) to conduct a risk assessment or
inspection for the presence of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards.
M) Waived the opportunity to conduct a risk assessment or inspection for the presence of lead-based paint and
or lead-based paint hazards.
AG OWLEDGEMENT (initial)
(f)
his/her responsibility to ensure compliance.
CERTIFICATION OF ACCURACY
The following parties have reviewed the above information and certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the
information provided b gach signatory is true and accurate,
Jul 27,2024 John Homeowner 7/54/24 709 PM COT
ENDB-WFJjH-XOPi-93R)
Seller Date ire "aser Date
Seller Date dotloopveriied Date
Jul 29, 2024 HOS7-MHXS-05V5 FMZE
Agent Date Date
Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6