dotloop signature verification: i152 0-8 ia eave
gases; Property access easements, covenants, restrictions or development structures; and any matters affecting the
character of the neighborhood; the investment or resale value of the Property; the past, present, or future financial
stability of the builder or developer or the future insurability of the Property; or the compliance of the builder or
developer under any warranty or any related mortgage terms and conditions; or any other matters affecting the
willingness of the Seller and Buyer to sell or purchase the Property on the terms and at the Purchase Price herein set
forth. Seller and Buyer acknowledge and agree that if such matters are of concern to them in the decision to sell or
purchase the Property, they have sought and obtained independent advice relative thereto. Seller and Buyer agree that
neither broker nor agent shall be held responsible for any obligations or agreements that Seller or Buyer have to one
another hereunder, and Seller and Buyer agree to discharge and release the brokers and agents from any claims,
demands, damages, actions, causes of actions or suits at law arising in any way from this Contract or related to the
Property or the condition of the Property.
sete ii om [| Buyer iit GE ||
23. RISK OF LOSS: Seller agrees to keep in force sufficient hazard insurance on the Property to protect all interests
until this sale is closed. If the Property is destroyed or materially damaged between the Finalized Date and the closing,
and Seller is unable to restore it to its previous condition prior to closing, the Buyer shall have the option of canceling
this Contract and recovering the Earnest Money pursuant to Paragraph 4 above, provided that notice of cancellation
is received prior to closing, or accepting the Property in its damaged condition. If Buyer elects to accept the Property
in its damaged condition, then Buyer is entitled to the proceeds of insurance obtainable by Seller, less any deductible
payable by Seller. _
sete si |) Buyer it a | |
24, SELECTION OF SETTLEMENT/CLOSING AGENT: Buyer and Seller hereby agree that the closing of this
transaction shall be conducted by a closing attorney or title insurance company and Buyer and Seller M1 do
CO) do not agree to share equally the settlement or closing charge imposed by the settlement agent. Buyer and Seller
acknowledge and agree that such sharing may involve a potential conflict of interest and they may be required to
execute an affidavit at closing acknowledging their recognition and acceptance of same. The parties further
acknowledge that they have a right to legal representation of their own choosing, at their own expense, at all times in
connection with this contract and the closing of this transaction.
a Buyer ic i | |
25. PERSONAL PROPERTY: Any personal items remaining with the property shall be at no additional cost to
Buyer; shall not add to the value of the property; shall be in “AS IS” condition with no warranties, unless otherwise
agreed herein; shall be unencumbered at the time of closing; and shall be only that which is currently on the premises
and on an itemized list or addendum attached hereto (said list to be specific as to description and location of such
items). The provisions of this Paragraph shall survive the closing and delivery of the deed.
Seller Initials ' [| Buyer initials {|
26. OTHER OFFERS WHILE BUYER’S OFFER IS PENDING: Buyer hereby acknowledges that offers other
than Buyer's offer may have been made or may be made before Seller acts on or while Seller is considering Buyer's
offer or counteroffer. While the Buyer's offer or counteroffer is pending, and before this Contract becomes effective,
Seller hereby expressly reserves the right to reject Buyer's offer or counteroffer or to withdraw any offer previously
made by Seller to Buyer relating to the Property, and to accept any other offer or counteroffer.
__ dollop verihed
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 9 of 11
Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6