dotloop signature verification: dtlp.us/sRIH-70BE-fwye
Buyer will apply for financing within1 days (7 days if left blank), from the Finalized Date and will provide any and
all credit, employment, financial and other information required by the lender. “Finalized Date” shall mean the date
that appears on the last page of this Contract. Unless Buyer elects to waive the financing contingency of this contract,
either party may cancel this contract if Buyer cannot obtain financing as specified above by 07/25/2024 . In
such event, both parties will execute a Mutual Release and all Earnest Money shall be promptly returned as per the
terms stated in Paragraph 5 below. No terms of this financing contingency can be changed without written
authorization of Seller. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Buyer and Seller, this Contract shall not be
contingent on the sale or closing of any other property. Ifthe Purchase Price exceeds the appraised value of the
Property, Buyer may elect to cancel this Contract by providing written notice of such election to Seller within five (5)
calendar days of knowledge of the appraised value, along with a copy of the appraisal or other evidence of the appraised
value provided by lender, unless the Seller agrees to sell the Property under this Contract for the appraised value.
Otherwise, the Earnest Money shall be returned pursuant to the terms of Paragraph 5 below.
(B) LENDER REQUIRED REPAIRS: If the contract is contingent upon Buyer obtaining financing and Lender
requires any repairs to the property as a condition of Buyer’s loan approval, and the Seller declines to pay for the
required repairs, then the Buyer may cancel this contract and all earnest money will be refunded upon the execution
and delivery of a mutual release. If Buyer elects to cancel the Contract due to Seller's election not to pay any repairs
required by Buyer's lender, Seller agrees to execute a mutual release authorizing the return of the Earnest Money to
Buyer promptly upon receipt of the Notice of Cancelation and mutual release.
(C) LOAN CLOSING COSTS AND PREPAID ITEMS: Seller agrees to pay up to $7,680 of Buyer’s loan
closing costs and/or prepaid expenses excluding Seller’s half of the settlement fee and title insurance cost. Buyer
shall promptly deliver to Real Estate Agent for Buyer, if any, a copy of all Loan Estimate(s) and Closing Disclosure(s)
upon receipt.
Seller Buyer Initials | |
3. CLOSING & POSSESSION DATES: The sale shall be closed and the deed delivered on or before
08/23/2024 . However, if Paragraph 2(A)(2) is selected and closing funds from
Buyer’s lender(s) are not available on Closing Date due to Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Closing Disclosure
delivery requirements (CFPB Requirements), then Closing Date will be extended for such period necessary to satisfy
CFPB Requirements, provided such period does not exceed 7 calendar days. Possession is to be given at closing if
the property is then vacant; otherwise, possession shall be delivered 1 calendar days after closing at 5:00 _
C) (AM) 41 (PM). In the event Seller retains possession of the property beyond the day of closing Seller d ogh ereby
guarantee that at the date of surrender of occupancy by Seller, the property shall be substantially in the same condition
as the day of closin . This provision shall survive the closing and delivery of the deed.
| | Buyer Initials | al |
4. DATES/TIMES ARE OF THE ESSENCE:
(A) The Closing Date and the other dates and times identified for the performance of any obligation of this Agreement
are of the essence and are binding.
(B) The Finalized Date of this Contract is the date when Buyer and Seller have indicated full acceptance of this
Contract by signing and/or initialing it. For purposes of this Contract, the number of days will be counted from the
Finalized Date, excluding the day this Contract was executed and including the last day of the time period. All
changes to this Contract should be initialed and dated.
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 2 of 11
Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6