dotloop signature verification: iii: 2: §) ba bea

(C) It shall conclusively be deemed acceptance of the Property, including ordinary wear and tear until the closing, if
Buyer fails to notify Seller in writing of any unsatisfactory conditions in accordance with Paragraph 1 1(B), or fails
to notify Seller in writing of his election to terminate this contract as herein provided.
NOTE: “Ordinary wear and tear” as used in Paragraphs 11(B) and 12 shall not be deemed to include material failure
of the heating, cooling, plumbing and electrical systems or built in appliances. If such a system or appliance suffers
material failure after acceptance under Paragraphs 11(B) and 12 but prior to closing, Seller shall pay for any repairs
required to restore the system or appliance to an operating condition at least as good as previously existing. After
closing all conditions of the Property are the responsibility of the Buyer unless otherwise stated within this Contract.
sete ii [| Buyer ic i [|
13. ADDITIONAL INSPECTIONS: The additional inspections set forth in this paragraph shall be completed by
7/30/2024 , and any requested repairs as a result of these additional inspections shall be made in
writing to the Seller by 8/2/2024 . Should Buyer fail to timely notify Seller
in writing of requested repairs as a result of these additional inspections, such failure shall conclusively be deemed
acceptance of the Property by the Buyer, including ordinary wear and tear until Closing.
(A) TERMITE AND/OR WOOD INFESTATION/FUNGUS INSPECTION AND REPORT:

(1) Wood Infestation Inspection Report. The real estate brokers and agents strongly recommend that the
Buyer obtain a wood infestation inspection report from a licensed pest control company. Buyer requires a Wood
Infestation Inspection Report from a licensed pest control company AYES UNO. Fhe-eestefthe+repertshell beat

—Repert- In the event that Buyer provides notice that repairs are required, any such request for repairs shall be governed

by Paragraph 12 of this Agreement.
cate ic | Buyer ic | |

(2) Termite Agreement (Contract). Buyer requires a termite service agreement WYES UNO. If such
agreement is required and Seller has an existing transferable agreement, the agreement shall be transferred at
M Seller’s O Buyer’s expense. If a new service agreement is required, the cost shall be at M1 Seller’s O1 Buyer’s
expense and the service agreement shall be ordered by the party paying for the agreement. The real estate brokers
and agents make no representations as to the terms or conditions of any termite service agreement.
Sele «a {| Buyer ii i | |
(B) SEWER/SEPTIC SYSTEMS: To the best of Seller’s knowledge the Property M1 is U1 is not connected to a
sanitary sewer system. Seller MW has UJ has not paid all impact and connection fees. If Property is not on sewer, Seller
represents that the Property 1 is M is not connected to septic system. Buyer requires a sewer/septic system inspection
at Buyer’s expense DYES MINO. Real estate broker(s) and agent(s) recommend that the sewer/septic system be
inspected. If Buyer elects NOT to have the sewer/septic system inspected, then Buyer releases Seller, Real Estate
Broker(s) and Agent(s) from any and all liability for any defects or deficiencies with the sewer/septic system which
may be discovered in the future, whether such defects or deficiencies exist at Closing or develop thereafter. In the
Event that Buyer provides notice that repairs are required, any such request for repairs shall be governed by Paragraph
12 of this Agreement.
seer io A [|] Buyer ic i | |
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 6 of 11

Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6