loan #: 410
borrower's certification & authorization
certification
the undarsigned certify the following:
1. i/we have applied for a mortgage toan from lp
(‘lender’).
in applying for the loan, we completed a loan application containing various information on the purpese of the loan,
the amount and source of the down paymen!, employment and income information, and assels and liabilities. i/we
cert fy that all of tha infonnation is true and complete. i/we made no misrepresentations in the loan application or
other documents. nor did lave om t any pertinent information.

2. |/we understand and agree that lender reserves the right to change the mortgage loan raview process to a fult
documentation program. this may include verifying the infarmation provided an the application with the employer
and/or the financial institut on.

3. |/we fully understand that it is a federal crime punishable by fine or imprisonment, or both, to knowingly make any
false statements when applying for this mortgage, as applicable under the provisions of title 18, united states code,
section 1014.

authoriaation to release information

to whom it may concern:

1. |/we have applied for a mortgage toan from lender. as part of the application process, lender and the mortgage
guaranty insurer (if any) may verify information contained in my/our khan application and in other documents required
in connection with the toan, either before the loan is closed or as partof its quality control program.

2. |/we authorize you to provide to lender and to any investor to wnom lender may sell my mortgage: and to the
mortgage guaranly insurer (if any), any and all information and documentation tha! they request. such inform ation
includes, but is not limited to, employment history and income: bank, maney markel. and similar account balances;
credit history; and copies of income tax retums.

3. lender or any investor that purchases the morigage or the mortgage guaranty insurer (if any) may address this
authorization to any party named in the loan application.

4. a copy of this authorization may be accepted as an original.

5. your prompt reply to lender, the investor that purchased the mortgage. or the mortgage quaranty insurer (/f any) is
appreciated.

6. mortgage guaranty insurer (if any): dept of hud

va, fha and usda loans

this is notice to you as required by the right to financial privacy act of 1978 that:

na department of veterans affairs (va)
xx department of housing and urban devetopment
nia depariment of agriculture (usda)
has a right of accass to financial records held by a financia institution in connection with the consideration or adm nis-
tration of assistance to you. financial records involving your transaction will be available to the agency indicated above
without further notice or authorization, but will not be disclosed or released to another government agancy or department
withoul your consent except as required or permitted by law. you are authorizing such disclosure for a period of time not
in excess of three months. prior to the time that your financial records are disclased. you may revoke this authorization
at any time: however, your refusal to provide the information may cause your application to be delayed or rejected. if you
believe that your financial racords have been disclosed improperly, you may have legal rights under the right to financial

privacy act of 1978 [12 uscs sections 3401 et seq_].

see 'signature addendum" attached hereto, and made a part hereof
ice mortgage technoiagy sinc: page 1 of 2 gbcts 0719
lender nmls 108: 16 gbctj (ei)
os/252024 07:47 am pst