dotloop signature verification: ty) 2.0 Ob ee
(C) SURVEY: The real estate brokers and agents strongly recommend that a new survey be obtained on all
purchases of property. Buyer requires a survey by a registered Alabama land surveyor of Buyer's choosing and,
unless otherwise agreed herein, at Buyer's expense DYES MNO. If Buyer elects NOT to have a new survey, then
Buyer releases Seller, Real Estate Broker(s) and Agent(s) from any and all liability for conditions which would have
been revealed from a survey performed by a registered Alabama land surveyor. To the best of the Seller’s knowledge
the Property 0 is M is not located in a flood plain, but this information is not guaranteed and should be confirmed
by a flood plain certification and/or a current surveyor's statement in the survey which shall be the responsibility of
Buyer. Further, unless otherwise agreed herein, the Property is purchased subject to utility easements, residential
subdivision covenants and restrictions, if any, and building lines of record, if any.
Seller Initials | Buyer initio []
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that all Inspections are the responsibility of Buyer including payment for the
inspection services. Unless otherwise agreed, Buyer shall be responsible for payment for Inspection services
regardless of whether or not the transaction contemplated herein proceeds to Closing.
14. HAZARDOUS DRYWALL: This tainted wallboard often gives off a foul odor, corrodes copper, electrical
wiring and other metal surfaces and may cause serious health problems with prolonged exposure. Real Estate Broker
and Agent recommend that Buyer requests the home inspector to inspect for this drywall problem, or hire an inspector
specifically trained in discovering defective drywall, if Property was either built or renovated since 2001.
15. LEAD-BASED PAINT AND/OR LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARDS: Lead-based paint disclosure is required
VIYES ONO. Ifa residential dwelling built prior to 1978 is located on the Property, Federal law requires that
certain disclosures be made by the Seller to the Buyer and that this Agreement be made subject to a lead-based paint
testing contingency. A copy of the disclosure information form and the Agreement lead based paint testing
contingency language are attached hereto.
Seller ii [| Buyer rit {|
16. ZONING, SUBDIVISION REGULATIONS, SUBDIVISION RESTRICTIONS, RESTRICTIVE
COVENANTS AND HOMEOWNER’S ASSOCIATION BYLAWS. Buyer and Seller hereby agree and
acknowledge that the Buyer shall be solely responsible for obtaining all records and information regarding the
property relative to zoning, subdivision regulations, subdivision restrictions, restrictive covenants, historic district
regulations, and Homeowner's Association requirements. Further, Buyer shall be solely responsible for determining
that the Property is suitable to the Buyer's intended use, including any development of, alterations to, improvements
or construction on the Property.
17. SCHOOL ZONES. Buyer and Seller hereby agree and acknowledge that the Buyer shall be solely responsible
for determining school zoning of Property.
Seller Initial EE | Buyer nig | |
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 7 of 11

Package ID: 6C8B0625S5DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6