dotloop signature verification: .i0)ia th POLL eve
27. FACSIMILE OR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES: This Contract may be executed and delivered by any party
by sending a facsimile of the signature or by a legally recognized e-signature. Such facsimile signature or legally
recognized e-signature shall be binding upon the party executing it as soon as the signature is received by any other
party hereto.
Seller Initia yo Buyer | [|
28. OBLIGATION FOR FEES AND EXPENSES: Buyer and Seller acknowledge that in the event this Contract
is canceled or does not close for any reason, fees or costs paid may not be refundable.
sete isi [| Buyer ic A [|
29, ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS: Additional provisions to this Contract are set forth on the attached
Addendum(s) which shall be signed by all parties and shall be part of this Contract.
30. ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This contract constitutes the entire agreement between Buyer and Seller regarding
the property, and supersedes all prior discussions, negotiations and agreements between Buyer and Seller, whether
oral or written. All representations, claims, advertising, promotional activities, brochures or plans of any kind made
by Seller, Real Estate Broker, or Real Estate Agent are not a part of this Agreement unless expressly incorporated or
stated in this Agreement. Neither Buyer, Seller, Real Estate Broker, nor any Real Estate Agent shall be bound by
any understanding, agreement, promise, or representation concerning the property, expressed or implied, not specified
herein, except that any prior written agreement concerning the payment of commission and/or compensation payable
to Broker shall remain valid, in effect and enforceable.
ser in A [ Buyer mica | |
abies
31. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS:
Seller and Buyers agree to split title and attorney. Half each. Seller agrees to pay for Wood Infestation Report and Termite
bond (contract).
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 10 of 11
Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6