dotloop signature verification: i152 0-8 ia eave
18. FIRE/SMOKE/GAS DETECTORS: Buyer shall satisfy himself/herself that all applicable federal, state and
local statutes, ordinances and/or regulations concerning fire/smoke/gas detectors or fire protection equipment have
been met. Upon closing or after taking possession of the Property, whichever occurs first, Buyer shall be solely
responsible for compliance with such laws.
19. HOME WARRANTY: Buyer 0) does 0 does not require a Home Warranty Policy issued by a company
qualified to provide such policies in Alabama, effective for one year from date of closing, to be paid by J Seller
M Buyer at a cost not to exceed $300 . Home Warranty Policy shall be selected by Buyer. Buyer
acknowledges that the Real Estate Brokers and Real Estate Agents have not made any representations or statements
regarding the terms and conditions of any Home Warranty.
20. SELLER WARRANTS that Seller has not received notification from any lawful authority regarding any
assessments; pending assessments; pending condemnation proceedings; or pending public improvements, repairs,
replacements, or alterations to the property that have not been satisfactorily made. Seller warrants that there is no
unpaid indebtedness on or affecting Property for labor or materials furnished to the Property except as described in
this contract. These warranties shall survive the closing and delivery of the deed.
21. FINAL WALK-THROUGH INSPECTION: Buyer has the obligation to conduct a final walk-through to
inspect the Property prior to closing to determine if the items to be repaired by Seller under Paragraphs 2(B) and 12
have been satisfied. If Buyer determines any of the following: (a) a condition under Paragraphs 2(B) and 12 has not
been satisfied; (b) systems as described in the “NOTE” portion of Paragraph 12 are not functioning; or (c) new defects
have arisen since Buyer's acceptance of property under Paragraph 12, then Buyer shall immediately notify Seller. If
Seller refuses to pay for any repairs or correct any defects requested by Buyer, Buyer may proceed with the closing
or cancel the contract and recover the earnest money, or elect to pursue any remedies that the Buyer may have at law
or equity for Seller's alleged breach of Seller's obligations under the Contract.
If Buyer fails to conduct this walk-through inspection, Seller's obligations will be deemed fulfilled. Buyer understands
that if a real estate agent accompanies Buyer on an inspection or walk-through of the property it will be as a courtesy
and not as a person qualified to detect any defects. After closing all conditions of the property are the
responsibility of the Buyer unless otherwise stated within this Contract.
22. BUYER AND SELLER ACKNOWLEDGMENT: Seller and Buyer hereby acknowledge and agree that they
have not relied upon any advice or representation of the Listing Broker or Company or the Selling Broker or Company
or any of their real estate agents (“brokers and agents”) regarding the Property, including but not limited to the
condition of the heating, cooling, plumbing and electrical systems; any built-in appliances; the roof and basement,
including leaks therein; the presence of asbestos or toxic mold; the presence of or damage from wood destroying
insects and/or fungus; the presence of vermin or other pest infestations; the presence of arsenic in treated wood; the
size and area of the Property; the quality of construction materials and workmanship, including floors and structural
condition; availability of utilities, sewer or septic tank and condition thereof; subsurface and subsoil conditions,
sinkholes and mining or other soil conditions including radon or other potentially hazardous or toxic materials and/or
The Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form. This form is published as a service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained from the appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above, the form will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright © Birmingham Association of REALTORS®, Inc. — General Residential Sales Contract Page 8 of 11

Package ID: 6C8B06255DDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6